Welcome back to 30 agents in 30 days,
day nine. Today I'm building an AI agent
to help me manage my email inbox. The
idea is that it's automatically going to
classify inbound emails, which replaces
the need for me to manually assign tags
if they're from a new sender or maybe
about a new topic. Here's how it works.
I've created this Chrome extension,
which I can activate and leave running.
Every time I get a new email, an AI
agent is going to try to figure out
which category it sits in. And if it
needs to, it can also search for similar
emails that it's received in the past to
try and help it with its decision. Once
it's done, it assigns a category, saves
it in the local database, and displays
it on the screen. So, my emails are
sorted, and I didn't need to set up any
tags. Visit this link, and you can
download the code for free. Now follow
to see me build more agents.